# User Stories

### Molly
Molly is a 50 year old woman, who lives in the suburbs of Nashville with her husband and two children, who are both in high school.  Molly retired from her teaching job when her second child was born, and has been a stay-at-home mom since. She participates in a monthly book club, and enjoys going on hikes with her husband on the weekend. Molly recently began to feel unwell, and after undergoing a few tests, was diagnosed with breast cancer. While her friends and family have been very supportive, Molly is scared and nervous about beginning treatment. Molly’s doctor has recommended that she undergo genetic testing to determine if her cancer is hereditary. She is worried because she doesn’t know much about genetic testing or what it would require, and is especially worried because discovering that her cancer is hereditary could impact her young daughter, who would also be at risk. After considering her options, Molly decides to follow her doctor’s advice and schedules an appointment with a genetic counselor at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center.

### Joe
Joe is a 35 year old man, who works at a mid-tier consulting firm in downtown Nashville. He likes go on runs every other morning before work, and plans ski trips with his buddies at last once per year. When Joe went home to Ohio for Christmas with his family, he learned that two of his uncles had recently been diagnosed with cancer, which was especially upsetting to the family since Joe’s grandfather had passed away from cancer a few years back.  Despite his healthy lifestyle, Joe begins to worry that his family history might put him at a higher risk for cancer. He tries to ignore this nervous feeling and enjoy the holidays with his family, but when he sees an advertisement for genetic testing a few weeks later, he decides to get tested in order to ease his mind. Joe does some research on local genetic counselors, and makes an appointment with a counselor at the Vanderbilt Medical Center
